for the Lord will have mercy on Jacob
for the Lord will have mercy on Jacob and will still choose Israel and settle
and will still choose Israel and settle
and will still choose Israel and settle them in their own land the strangers
them in their own land the strangers
them in their own land the strangers will be joined with them and they will
will be joined with them and they will
will be joined with them and they will cling to the house of Jacob then people
cling to the house of Jacob then people
cling to the house of Jacob then people will take them and bring them to their
will take them and bring them to their
will take them and bring them to their place and the house of Israel will
place and the house of Israel will
place and the house of Israel will possess them for servants and maids in
possess them for servants and maids in
possess them for servants and maids in the land of the Lord they will take them
the land of the Lord they will take them
the land of the Lord they will take them captive whose captives they were and
captive whose captives they were and
captive whose captives they were and rule over their oppressors it shall come
rule over their oppressors it shall come
rule over their oppressors it shall come to pass in the day the Lord gives you
to pass in the day the Lord gives you
to pass in the day the Lord gives you rest from your sorrow and from your fear
rest from your sorrow and from your fear
rest from your sorrow and from your fear and the hard bondage in which you were
and the hard bondage in which you were
and the hard bondage in which you were made to serve that you will take up this
made to serve that you will take up this
made to serve that you will take up this proverb against the king of Babylon and
proverb against the king of Babylon and
proverb against the king of Babylon and say how the oppressor has ceased the
say how the oppressor has ceased the
say how the oppressor has ceased the Golden City ceased the Lord has broken
Golden City ceased the Lord has broken
Golden City ceased the Lord has broken the staff of the wicked the scepter of
the staff of the wicked the scepter of
the staff of the wicked the scepter of the rulers he who struck the people in
the rulers he who struck the people in
the rulers he who struck the people in wrath with a continual stroke he who
wrath with a continual stroke he who
wrath with a continual stroke he who ruled the nations in anger is persecuted
ruled the nations in anger is persecuted
ruled the nations in anger is persecuted and no one hinders the whole earth is at
and no one hinders the whole earth is at
and no one hinders the whole earth is at rest and quiet
rest and quiet
rest and quiet they break forth into singing indeed the
they break forth into singing indeed the
they break forth into singing indeed the cypress trees rejoice over you and the
cypress trees rejoice over you and the
cypress trees rejoice over you and the Cedars of Lebanon saying since you were
Cedars of Lebanon saying since you were
Cedars of Lebanon saying since you were cut down
cut down
cut down no woodsman has come up against us hell
no woodsman has come up against us hell
no woodsman has come up against us hell from beneath is excited about you to
from beneath is excited about you to
from beneath is excited about you to meet you at your coming it stirs up the
meet you at your coming it stirs up the
meet you at your coming it stirs up the dead for you all the chief ones of the
dead for you all the chief ones of the
dead for you all the chief ones of the earth it has raised up from their
earth it has raised up from their
earth it has raised up from their Thrones all the kings of the nations
Thrones all the kings of the nations
Thrones all the kings of the nations they all shall speak and say to you have
they all shall speak and say to you have
they all shall speak and say to you have you also become as weak as we have you
you also become as weak as we have you
you also become as weak as we have you become like us your pump is brought down
become like us your pump is brought down
become like us your pump is brought down to Sheol and the sound of your stringed
to Sheol and the sound of your stringed
to Sheol and the sound of your stringed instruments the maggot is spread under
instruments the maggot is spread under
instruments the maggot is spread under you and worms cover you how you are
you and worms cover you how you are
you and worms cover you how you are fallen from heaven
fallen from heaven
fallen from heaven Oh Lucifer son of the morning how you
Oh Lucifer son of the morning how you
Oh Lucifer son of the morning how you are cut down to the ground you who
are cut down to the ground you who
are cut down to the ground you who weakened the nations for you have said
weakened the nations for you have said
weakened the nations for you have said in your heart I will ascend into heaven
in your heart I will ascend into heaven
in your heart I will ascend into heaven I will exalt my throne above the stars
I will exalt my throne above the stars
I will exalt my throne above the stars of God I will also sit on the Mount of
of God I will also sit on the Mount of
of God I will also sit on the Mount of the congregation on the farthest sides
the congregation on the farthest sides
the congregation on the farthest sides of the north I will ascend above the
of the north I will ascend above the
of the north I will ascend above the heights of the clouds I will be like the
heights of the clouds I will be like the
heights of the clouds I will be like the Most High yet you shall be brought down
Most High yet you shall be brought down
Most High yet you shall be brought down to shield to the lowest depths of the
to shield to the lowest depths of the
to shield to the lowest depths of the pit those who see you will gaze at you
pit those who see you will gaze at you
pit those who see you will gaze at you and consider you saying is this the man
and consider you saying is this the man
and consider you saying is this the man who made the earth tremble who shook
who made the earth tremble who shook
who made the earth tremble who shook kingdoms who made the world as a
kingdoms who made the world as a
kingdoms who made the world as a wilderness and destroyed its cities who
wilderness and destroyed its cities who
wilderness and destroyed its cities who did not open the house of his prisoners
did not open the house of his prisoners
did not open the house of his prisoners all the kings of the nations all of them
all the kings of the nations all of them
all the kings of the nations all of them sleep in glory every one in his own
sleep in glory every one in his own
sleep in glory every one in his own house but you are cast out of your grave
house but you are cast out of your grave
house but you are cast out of your grave like an abominable branch like the
like an abominable branch like the
like an abominable branch like the garment of those who are slain thrust
garment of those who are slain thrust
garment of those who are slain thrust through with a sword who go down to the
through with a sword who go down to the
through with a sword who go down to the stones of the pit like a corpse trodden
stones of the pit like a corpse trodden
stones of the pit like a corpse trodden under foot you will not be joined with
under foot you will not be joined with
under foot you will not be joined with them in burial because you have
them in burial because you have
them in burial because you have destroyed your land and slain your
destroyed your land and slain your
destroyed your land and slain your people the brood of evildoers shall
people the brood of evildoers shall
people the brood of evildoers shall never be named prepare slaughter for his
never be named prepare slaughter for his
never be named prepare slaughter for his children because of the iniquity of
children because of the iniquity of
children because of the iniquity of their fathers lest they rise up and
their fathers lest they rise up and
their fathers lest they rise up and possess the land and fill the face of
possess the land and fill the face of
possess the land and fill the face of the world with cities for I will rise up
the world with cities for I will rise up
the world with cities for I will rise up against them and cut off from Babylon
against them and cut off from Babylon
against them and cut off from Babylon the name and remnant and offspring and
the name and remnant and offspring and
the name and remnant and offspring and posterity I will also make it a position
posterity I will also make it a position
posterity I will also make it a position for the porcupine and marshes of muddy
for the porcupine and marshes of muddy
for the porcupine and marshes of muddy water I will sweep it with the
water I will sweep it with the
water I will sweep it with the of destruction the Lord of Hosts has
of destruction the Lord of Hosts has
of destruction the Lord of Hosts has sworn saying surely as I have thought so
sworn saying surely as I have thought so
sworn saying surely as I have thought so it shall come to pass and as I have
it shall come to pass and as I have
it shall come to pass and as I have purposed so it shall stand that I will
purposed so it shall stand that I will
purposed so it shall stand that I will break the Assyrian in my land and on my
break the Assyrian in my land and on my
break the Assyrian in my land and on my mountains thread him underfoot then his
mountains thread him underfoot then his
mountains thread him underfoot then his yoke shall be removed from them and his
yoke shall be removed from them and his
yoke shall be removed from them and his burden removed from their shoulders this
burden removed from their shoulders this
burden removed from their shoulders this is the purpose that is purposed against
is the purpose that is purposed against
is the purpose that is purposed against the whole earth and this is the hand
the whole earth and this is the hand
the whole earth and this is the hand that is stretched out over all the
that is stretched out over all the
that is stretched out over all the nations for the Lord of Hosts has
nations for the Lord of Hosts has
nations for the Lord of Hosts has purposed and who will annul it his hand
purposed and who will annul it his hand
purposed and who will annul it his hand is stretched out and who will turn it
is stretched out and who will turn it
is stretched out and who will turn it back this is the burden which came in
back this is the burden which came in
back this is the burden which came in the year that King Ahaz died do not
the year that King Ahaz died do not
the year that King Ahaz died do not rejoice all you of Philistia because the
rejoice all you of Philistia because the
rejoice all you of Philistia because the rod that struck you is broken for out of
rod that struck you is broken for out of
rod that struck you is broken for out of the Serpent's roots will come forth a
the Serpent's roots will come forth a
the Serpent's roots will come forth a Viper and its offspring will be a fiery
Viper and its offspring will be a fiery
Viper and its offspring will be a fiery flying serpent the firstborn of the poor
flying serpent the firstborn of the poor
flying serpent the firstborn of the poor will feed and the needy will lie down in
will feed and the needy will lie down in
will feed and the needy will lie down in safety I will kill your roots with
safety I will kill your roots with
safety I will kill your roots with famine and it will slay your remnant
famine and it will slay your remnant
famine and it will slay your remnant whale o gate cry O city all you of
whale o gate cry O city all you of
whale o gate cry O city all you of Philistia are dissolved for smoke will
Philistia are dissolved for smoke will
Philistia are dissolved for smoke will come from the north and no one will be
come from the north and no one will be
come from the north and no one will be alone in his appointed times what will
alone in his appointed times what will
alone in his appointed times what will they answer the messengers of the nation
they answer the messengers of the nation
they answer the messengers of the nation that the Lord has founded Zion and the
that the Lord has founded Zion and the
that the Lord has founded Zion and the poor of his people shall take refuge in
poor of his people shall take refuge in
poor of his people shall take refuge in it